README.md, before:

[<img alt="PowerNukkitX" width="838" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/master/blob/images/PNX_BANNER.png" />](https://www.powernukkitx.com)

<h2>🌐Need to switch languages?&ensp;/&ensp;多语言文档</h2>

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/944227466912870410?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)
[![English](https://img.shields.io/badge/English-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/README.md)
[![简体中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/简体中文-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/zh-hans/README.md)
[![繁體中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/繁體中文-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/zh-hant/README.md)
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![ChangeLog](https://img.shields.io/badge/ChangeLog-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
[![FAQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/FAQ-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/wiki/FAQ)
[![PNX-DOC](https://img.shields.io/badge/PNX-DOC-blue?style=flat-square)](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/cn.powernukkitx/powernukkitx.svg?label=Maven%20Central&style=flat-square)](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:%22cn.powernukkitx%22%20AND%20a:%22powernukkitx%22)

🤔What is PowerNukkitX ?
---
[PowerNukkitX](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX) is a branch version based on [PowerNukkit](https://github.com/PowerNukkit/PowerNukkit), developed and maintained by [PowerNukkitX](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX), any problems can be submitted to [Issue](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues) feedback.

Join US:

* [Discord](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)
* [QQ](https://jq.qq.com/?_wv=1027&k=6rm3gbUI)

What's new in PowerNukkitX? Let's See：

1. Support for 1.19.40 protocol.
2. Support for 384 world height.
3. Support for The Nether world, no need to install additional plugin.
4. Support 3D biomes.<!--Custom dimension interface TODO-->
5. Support for vanilla commands and command block.
6. Built-in [Terra](https://github.com/PolyhedralDev/Terra) generator (if you have
   questions [click here to view](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/en-us/faq/Terra_faq.html)) .
7. Support for writing plugins using the JavaScript language (development documentation can be
   found [here](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/zh-cn/plugin-dev/js/%E6%A6%82%E8%BF%B0.html)).
8. Support custom blocks / items / entity (refinement in progress, [documentation](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/) to be
   added).
9. Original Entity AI framework, no need to install MobPlugin (under development, Not all creature completed).
10. Todo...

---

## 🎮 How to use

**PowerNukkitX requires a minimum Java version of 17, please install it yourself and configure the environment
variables.**

### We suggest that you use [PNX-CLI](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PNX-CLI) to run PowerNukkitX, Why?

1. PNX-CLI is compiled using GraalVM Native Image,which can be used without java runtime environment,with small memory
   consumption and high running efficiency.
2. Simplify GraalJit and JDK installation.With GraalJit,your JS plugin will run 100 times more efficiently
3. Provides efficient and adaptive startup commands without the need to write them manually
4. Pure command line operation, concise and effective, Linux command style
5. Github version synchronization,update version does not need to repeat the download of dependent libraries,just a key
   command

you can [click here](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/en-us/Get_Started.html) to get more information.

If your platform is not suitable for using PNX-CLI or you do not want to it,then please read the following steps.

### Steps:

1. Download libs.tar.gz and powernukkitx.jar from [release](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/releases)
2. Extract the libs folder in libs.tar.gz to the same path as powernukkitx.jar
3. Run the following command

Windows Version

```
java -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 ^
-Djansi.passthrough=true ^
-Dterminal.ansi=true ^
-XX:+UnlockExperimentalVMOptions ^
-XX:+UseG1GC ^
-XX:+UseStringDeduplication ^
-XX:+EnableJVMCI ^
--module-path=.\libs\graal-sdk-22.2.0.jar;.\libs\truffle-api-22.2.0.jar; ^
--add-opens java.base/java.lang=ALL-UNNAMED ^
--add-opens java.base/java.io=ALL-UNNAMED ^
-cp .\powernukkitx.jar;.\libs\* ^
cn.nukkit.Nukkit
```

Linux Version

```
java -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 \
-Djansi.passthrough=true \
-Dterminal.ansi=true \
-XX:+UnlockExperimentalVMOptions \
-XX:+UseG1GC \
-XX:+UseStringDeduplication \
-XX:+EnableJVMCI \
--module-path=./libs/truffle-api-22.2.0.jar:./libs/graal-sdk-22.2.0.jar: \
--add-opens java.base/java.lang=ALL-UNNAMED \
--add-opens java.base/java.io=ALL-UNNAMED \
-cp ./powernukkitx.jar:./libs/* \
cn.nukkit.Nukkit
```

---
📌 Statement
---
<!-- Just Do it :-D -->
<!--使用DeepL暴力翻译-->
**PowerNukkitX** is a modified and optimized version based on PowerNukkit and Nukkit, fixing its bugs, adding more
feature support,such as [LiteLoader](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/LiteLoader-Libs) (WIP) plugin
compatibility.

* Please note that **PowerNukkitX** is not maintained by Cloudburst developers, it relies on the open source community
  to generate electricity with love. If you encounter any problems when using PowerNukkitX, you should
  first [create an issue](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues) in this repository (please also note to
  read the rules in
  the [Contribution Help Guide](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)).

* We also recommend that you perform regular backups and other operations, and use the plug-ins made
  for [PowerNukkitX](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX) and
  use [stable version](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/releases) for deployment.

<!--结束-->

* Most [Cloudburst Nukkit](https://github.com/cloudburstmc/nukkit) plugins are supported but they may not understand the
  new blocks and items and the new stuff that you can do with PowerNukkitX.

🧾 About Nukkit

[Nukkit](https://github.com/Nukkit/Nukkit) is nuclear-powered server software for Minecraft: Pocket Edition. It has a
few key advantages over other server software:

* Written in Java, Nukkit is faster and more stable.
* Having a friendly structure, it's easy to contribute to Nukkit's development and rewrite plugins from other platforms
  into Nukkit plugins.
* Nukkit is **under improvement** yet, we welcome contributions.

---

🛠 Creating Plugins
---

* Add PowerNukkit to your dependencies (it is hosted by Maven Central, so you don't need to specify a custom repository)
  .

[Click here to see full Gradle Example](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/ExamplePlugin-Gradle)

```groovy
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}

dependencies {
    compile group: 'cn.powernukkitx', name: 'powernukkitx', version: '1.19.40-r3'
}
```

[Click here to see full Maven Example](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/ExamplePlugin-Maven)
```xml
<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>cn.powernukkitx</groupId>
        <artifactId>powernukkitx</artifactId>
        <version>1.19.40-r3</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```
---

🛠  Build JAR file
---
- `git clone https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX`
- `cd PowerNukkitX`
- `git submodule update --init`
- `./mvnw clean package`

* The compiled JAR can be found in the target/ directory.
* Please check how to use the compiled JAR file when you run it.
* To run the jar please see [How to use](#Steps:).

🧐 Contributing
---
Please read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide before submitting any issue.  Issues with insufficient information or in the wrong format will be closed and will not be reviewed.

---

🌐 Links
---

- __[🌐 PowerNukkitX Website](https://powernukkitx.cn/)__
- __[👩🏽‍💻 PowernNukkitX Document library](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/)__
- __[💬 PowerNukkitX Discord](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)__
- __[💾 Download PowerNukkitX Snapshot Build](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/actions)__
- __[🔌 Cloudburst Nukkit Plugins](https://cloudburstmc.org/resources/categories/nukkit-plugins.1/)__
- __[🔌 PowerNukkit Plugins](https://discuss.powernukkit.org/c/plugins/powernukkit-plugins/14/)__

🎨  Statistics
---

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues)
[![Issues-Closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)
[![Pull-pr](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/pulls)
[![Pull-pr-closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)

2019 - 2022 © [BlocklyNukkit](https://wiki.blocklynukkit.com) | [PowerNukkitX](https://www.powernukkitx.com)

Commit message:

add docker image (#788)
* add docker image

* add memory and language setting

* add README

README.md, after:

[<img alt="PowerNukkitX" width="838" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/master/blob/images/PNX_BANNER.png" />](https://www.powernukkitx.com)

<h2>🌐Need to switch languages?&ensp;/&ensp;多语言文档</h2>

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/944227466912870410?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)
[![English](https://img.shields.io/badge/English-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/README.md)
[![简体中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/简体中文-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/zh-hans/README.md)
[![繁體中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/繁體中文-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/zh-hant/README.md)
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![ChangeLog](https://img.shields.io/badge/ChangeLog-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
[![FAQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/FAQ-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/wiki/FAQ)
[![PNX-DOC](https://img.shields.io/badge/PNX-DOC-blue?style=flat-square)](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/cn.powernukkitx/powernukkitx.svg?label=Maven%20Central&style=flat-square)](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:%22cn.powernukkitx%22%20AND%20a:%22powernukkitx%22)

🤔What is PowerNukkitX ?
---
[PowerNukkitX](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX) is a branch version based on [PowerNukkit](https://github.com/PowerNukkit/PowerNukkit), developed and maintained by [PowerNukkitX](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX), any problems can be submitted to [Issue](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues) feedback.

Join US:

* [Discord](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)
* [QQ](https://jq.qq.com/?_wv=1027&k=6rm3gbUI)

What's new in PowerNukkitX? Let's See：

1. Support for 1.19.40 protocol.
2. Support for 384 world height.
3. Support for The Nether world, no need to install additional plugin.
4. Support 3D biomes.<!--Custom dimension interface TODO-->
5. Support for vanilla commands and command block.
6. Built-in [Terra](https://github.com/PolyhedralDev/Terra) generator (if you have
   questions [click here to view](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/en-us/faq/Terra_faq.html)) .
7. Support for writing plugins using the JavaScript language (development documentation can be
   found [here](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/zh-cn/plugin-dev/js/%E6%A6%82%E8%BF%B0.html)).
8. Support custom blocks / items / entity (refinement in progress, [documentation](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/) to be
   added).
9. Original Entity AI framework, no need to install MobPlugin (under development, Not all creature completed).
10. Todo...

---

## 🎮 How to use

### 1.Run from [PNX-CLI](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PNX-CLI):

1. Download the `PNX-CLI-Jar.zip` latest version from [release](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PNX-CLI/releases)
2. Run `java -jar PNX-CLI-0.0.1-alpha.jar`

you can [click here](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/en-us/Get_Started.html) to get more information.

### 2.Run from command:

PowerNukkitX requires a minimum Java version of 17, please install it yourself and configure the environment
variables.

1. Download libs.tar.gz and powernukkitx.jar from [release](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/releases)
2. Extract the libs folder in libs.tar.gz to the same path as powernukkitx.jar
3. Run the following command

Windows Version

```
java -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 ^
-Djansi.passthrough=true ^
-Dterminal.ansi=true ^
-XX:+UnlockExperimentalVMOptions ^
-XX:+UseG1GC ^
-XX:+UseStringDeduplication ^
-XX:+EnableJVMCI ^
--module-path=.\libs\graal-sdk-22.2.0.jar;.\libs\truffle-api-22.2.0.jar; ^
--add-opens java.base/java.lang=ALL-UNNAMED ^
--add-opens java.base/java.io=ALL-UNNAMED ^
-cp .\powernukkitx.jar;.\libs\* ^
cn.nukkit.Nukkit
```

Linux Version

```
java -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 \
-Djansi.passthrough=true \
-Dterminal.ansi=true \
-XX:+UnlockExperimentalVMOptions \
-XX:+UseG1GC \
-XX:+UseStringDeduplication \
-XX:+EnableJVMCI \
--module-path=./libs/truffle-api-22.2.0.jar:./libs/graal-sdk-22.2.0.jar: \
--add-opens java.base/java.lang=ALL-UNNAMED \
--add-opens java.base/java.io=ALL-UNNAMED \
-cp ./powernukkitx.jar:./libs/* \
cn.nukkit.Nukkit
```

### 3.Run from docker image:

https://hub.docker.com/r/coolloong/powernukkitx

---
📌 Statement
---
<!-- Just Do it :-D -->
<!--使用DeepL暴力翻译-->
**PowerNukkitX** is a modified and optimized version based on PowerNukkit and Nukkit, fixing its bugs, adding more
feature support,such as [LiteLoader](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/LiteLoader-Libs) (WIP) plugin
compatibility.

* Please note that **PowerNukkitX** is not maintained by Cloudburst developers, it relies on the open source community
  to generate electricity with love. If you encounter any problems when using PowerNukkitX, you should
  first [create an issue](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues) in this repository (please also note to
  read the rules in
  the [Contribution Help Guide](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)).

* We also recommend that you perform regular backups and other operations, and use the plug-ins made
  for [PowerNukkitX](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX) and
  use [stable version](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/releases) for deployment.

<!--结束-->

* Most [Cloudburst Nukkit](https://github.com/cloudburstmc/nukkit) plugins are supported but they may not understand the
  new blocks and items and the new stuff that you can do with PowerNukkitX.

🧾 About Nukkit

[Nukkit](https://github.com/Nukkit/Nukkit) is nuclear-powered server software for Minecraft: Pocket Edition. It has a
few key advantages over other server software:

* Written in Java, Nukkit is faster and more stable.
* Having a friendly structure, it's easy to contribute to Nukkit's development and rewrite plugins from other platforms
  into Nukkit plugins.
* Nukkit is **under improvement** yet, we welcome contributions.

---

🛠 Creating Plugins
---

* Add PowerNukkit to your dependencies (it is hosted by Maven Central, so you don't need to specify a custom repository)
  .

[Click here to see full Gradle Example](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/ExamplePlugin-Gradle)

```groovy
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}

dependencies {
    compile group: 'cn.powernukkitx', name: 'powernukkitx', version: '1.19.40-r3'
}
```

[Click here to see full Maven Example](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/ExamplePlugin-Maven)
```xml
<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>cn.powernukkitx</groupId>
        <artifactId>powernukkitx</artifactId>
        <version>1.19.40-r3</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```
---

🛠  Build JAR file
---
- `git clone https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX`
- `cd PowerNukkitX`
- `git submodule update --init`
- `./mvnw clean package`

* The compiled JAR can be found in the target/ directory.
* Please check how to use the compiled JAR file when you run it.
* To run the jar please see [How to use](#Steps:).

🧐 Contributing
---
Please read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide before submitting any issue.  Issues with insufficient information or in the wrong format will be closed and will not be reviewed.

---

🌐 Links
---

- __[🌐 PowerNukkitX Website](https://powernukkitx.cn/)__
- __[👩🏽‍💻 PowernNukkitX Document library](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/)__
- __[💬 PowerNukkitX Discord](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)__
- __[💾 Download PowerNukkitX Snapshot Build](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/actions)__
- __[🔌 Cloudburst Nukkit Plugins](https://cloudburstmc.org/resources/categories/nukkit-plugins.1/)__
- __[🔌 PowerNukkit Plugins](https://discuss.powernukkit.org/c/plugins/powernukkit-plugins/14/)__

🎨  Statistics
---

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues)
[![Issues-Closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)
[![Pull-pr](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/pulls)
[![Pull-pr-closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)

2019 - 2022 © [BlocklyNukkit](https://wiki.blocklynukkit.com) | [PowerNukkitX](https://www.powernukkitx.com)
