blob/en-us/README.md, before:

[<img alt="PowerNukkitX" width="838" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/master/blob/images/PNX_BANNER.png" />](https://www.powernukkitx.com)

<h2>多语言文档&ensp;/&ensp;Need to switch languages?</h2>

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/944227466912870410?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)
[![简体中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/简体中文-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/README.md)
[![繁體中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/繁體中文-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/zh-hant/README.md)
[![English](https://img.shields.io/badge/English-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/en-us/README.md)
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![ChangeLog](https://img.shields.io/badge/ChangeLog-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/en-us/CHANGELOG.md)
[![FAQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/FAQ-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/wiki/FAQ)
[![PNX-DOC](https://img.shields.io/badge/PNX-DOC-blue?style=flat-square)](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/cn.powernukkitx/powernukkitx.svg?label=Maven%20Central&style=flat-square)](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:%22cn.powernukkitx%22%20AND%20a:%22powernukkitx%22)


🤔What is PowerNukkitX ?
---
[PowerNukkitX](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX) is a branch version based on [PowerNukkit](https://github.com/PowerNukkit/PowerNukkit), developed and maintained by [BlocklyNukkit](https://github.com/BlocklyNukkit), any problems can be submitted to [Issue](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues) feedback.

Attention:

*  PowerNukkitX requires a minimum Java version of 17

* Add: If your server cannot install Java17, you can also use the [BootStrap](https://ci.lt-name.com/job/PowerNukkitX/job/master/) that we provide

Join US:

* [Discord](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)
* [QQ](https://jq.qq.com/?_wv=1027&k=6rm3gbUI)

What's new in PowerNukkitX? Let's See：

1. Support for 1.19.0 protocol (under refinement).
2. Native support for 384 height limits (Currently only the main world, the rest are limited to 256 blocks).
3. Native support for The Nether world, no need to install additional plug-in patches, etc.
4. Native support for vanilla commands and command block, etc. (under refinement)
5. Built-in [Terra](https://github.com/PolyhedralDev/Terra) generator (if you have questions [click here to view](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/en-us/faq/Terra_faq.html)) .
6. Support for writing plug-ins using the JavaSrcipt language (preliminary completion, development documentation can be found [here](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/zh-cn/plugin-dev/js/%E6%A6%82%E8%BF%B0.html)).
7. Todo...

---

🧾 About Nukkit

[Nukkit](https://github.com/Nukkit/Nukkit) is nuclear-powered server software for Minecraft: Pocket Edition. It has a few key advantages over other server software:

* Written in Java, Nukkit is faster and more stable.
* Having a friendly structure, it's easy to contribute to Nukkit's development and rewrite plugins from other platforms into Nukkit plugins.
* Nukkit is **under improvement** yet, we welcome contributions.

📌 Statement
---
<!-- Just Do it :-D -->
<!--使用DeepL暴力翻译-->
**PowerNukkitX** is a modified and optimized version based on PowerNukkit and Nukkit, fixing its bugs, adding more feature support, etc., such as [LiteLoader](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/LiteLoader-Libs) (under improvement) plugin compatibility, etc.

* Please note that **PowerNukkitX** is not maintained by Cloudburst developers, it relies on the open source community to generate electricity with love. If you encounter any problems when using PowerNukkitX, you should first [create an issue](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues) in this repository (please also note to read the rules in the [Contribution Help Guide](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/en-us/CONTRIBUTING.md)).

* We also recommend that you perform regular backups and other operations, and use the plug-ins made for [PowerNukkit](https://github.com/powernukkit/powernukkit) or [PowerNukkitX](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX) and use [stable version](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/releases) for deployment.
<!--结束-->

* Most [Cloudburst Nukkit](https://github.com/cloudburstmc/nukkit) plugins are supported but they may not understand the new blocks and items and the new stuff that you can do with PowerNukkitX.

---

🛠 Creating Plugins
---
* Add PowerNukkit to your dependencies (it is hosted by Maven Central, so you don't need to specify a custom repository).

[Click here to see full Gradle Example](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/ExamplePlugin-Gradle)
```groovy
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}

dependencies {
    compile group: 'cn.powernukkitx', name: 'powernukkitx', version: '1.6.0.0-PNX'
}
```

[Click here to see full Maven Example](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/ExamplePlugin-Maven)
```xml
<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>cn.powernukkitx</groupId>
        <artifactId>powernukkitx</artifactId>
        <version>1.6.0.0-PNX</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```
---

🛠  Build JAR file
---
- `git clone https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX`
- `cd PowerNukkitX`
- `git submodule update --init`
- `./mvnw clean package`

* The compiled JAR can be found in the target/ directory.
* Use the JAR that ends with -shaded to run your server.

🛠 Running
-------------
* Simply run `java -jar powernukkitx-<version>-shaded.jar` in an **empty folder**.

* But for better performance, we recommend you to use the following commands for deployment.
```sh
java -Xms10G -Xmx10G -XX:+UseG1GC -XX:+ParallelRefProcEnabled -XX:MaxGCPauseMillis=200 -XX:+UnlockExperimentalVMOptions -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+AlwaysPreTouch -XX:G1NewSizePercent=30 -XX:G1MaxNewSizePercent=40 -XX:G1HeapRegionSize=8M -XX:G1ReservePercent=20 -XX:G1HeapWastePercent=5 -XX:G1MixedGCCountTarget=4 -XX:InitiatingHeapOccupancyPercent=15 -XX:G1MixedGCLiveThresholdPercent=90 -XX:G1RSetUpdatingPauseTimePercent=5 -XX:SurvivorRatio=32 -XX:+PerfDisableSharedMem -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=1 -Dusing.aikars.flags=https://mcflags.emc.gs -Daikars.new.flags=true -jar powernukkitx-<version>-shaded.jar
```
<!--使用Deepl暴力翻译-->
* Please adjust `-Xmx` (the maximum memory the JVM can call) and `-Xms` (the initial memory of the JVM) as appropriate for your server configuration, and manually adjust the contents of `powernukkitx-<version>-shaded.jar` according to the name of the JAR core you are compiling. 
<!--结束-->

* Check [this page](https://aikar.co/2018/07/02/tuning-the-jvm-g1gc-garbage-collector-flags-for-minecraft/) for information about the arguments above.

🧐 Contributing
---
Please read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/en-us/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide before submitting any issue.  Issues with insufficient information or in the wrong format will be closed and will not be reviewed.

---

🌐 Links
---

- __[🌐 PowerNukkitX Website](https://powernukkitx.cn/)__
- __[👩🏽‍💻 PowernNukkitX Document library](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/)__
- __[💬 PowerNukkitX Discord](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)__
- __[💾 Download PowerNukkitX Snapshot Build](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/actions)__
- __[🔌 Cloudburst Nukkit Plugins](https://cloudburstmc.org/resources/categories/nukkit-plugins.1/)__
- __[🔌 PowerNukkit Plugins](https://discuss.powernukkit.org/c/plugins/powernukkit-plugins/14/)__

🎨  Statistics
---

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues)
[![Issues-Closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)
[![Pull-pr](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/pulls)
[![Pull-pr-closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)

2019 - 2022 © [BlocklyNukkit](https://wiki.blocklynukkit.com) | [PowerNukkitX](https://www.powernukkitx.com)

Commit message:

合并主分支更改 (#475)
* 文档更新（未审查） (#450)

* 更新readme

* 修改日志更新

* 美化readme

* 修改日志更新

* 更新

* 自定义实体API (#458)

* simple custom entity api

* fix

* delete sout

* 修改为接口实现 (#459)

* fix id

* 修改注册参数

* 修改

* register entity

* 添加检查,兼容CustomEntity

* 添加检查,兼容CustomEntity

Co-authored-by: zimzaza4 <1875162740@qq.com>
Co-authored-by: CoolLoong <1542536763@qq.com>

* 调整Version命令中的新版本检查 (#467)

* 仅对op显示版本更新信息

* 调整检测间隔

* 设置http头，防止被拦截

* 缓存查询结果1小时

* add ServerStartedEvent (#468)

* add Record OtherSide (#470)

* add ServerStartedEvent

* add Record OtherSide

* 修改readme (#472)

* status命令改进 + 更新依赖库 (#473)

* 升级JLINE和JNA

* 添加OSHI依赖库

* 改进status命令

* fix error of player's spawn point (#474)

Co-authored-by: chencu <82279230+chencu5958@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: zimzaza4 <53421735+zimzaza4@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: zimzaza4 <1875162740@qq.com>
Co-authored-by: CoolLoong <1542536763@qq.com>
Co-authored-by: LT_Name <45508179+lt-name@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Superice666 <51087818+Superice666@users.noreply.github.com>

blob/en-us/README.md, after:

[<img alt="PowerNukkitX" width="838" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/master/blob/images/PNX_BANNER.png" />](https://www.powernukkitx.com)

<h2>🌐多语言文档&ensp;/&ensp;Need to switch languages?</h2>

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/944227466912870410?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)
[![简体中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/简体中文-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/README.md)
[![繁體中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/繁體中文-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/zh-hant/README.md)
[![English](https://img.shields.io/badge/English-100%25-green?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/en-us/README.md)
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![ChangeLog](https://img.shields.io/badge/ChangeLog-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/en-us/CHANGELOG.md)
[![FAQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/FAQ-blue?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/wiki/FAQ)
[![PNX-DOC](https://img.shields.io/badge/PNX-DOC-blue?style=flat-square)](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/cn.powernukkitx/powernukkitx.svg?label=Maven%20Central&style=flat-square)](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:%22cn.powernukkitx%22%20AND%20a:%22powernukkitx%22)


🤔What is PowerNukkitX ?
---
[PowerNukkitX](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX) is a branch version based on [PowerNukkit](https://github.com/PowerNukkit/PowerNukkit), developed and maintained by [BlocklyNukkit](https://github.com/BlocklyNukkit), any problems can be submitted to [Issue](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues) feedback.

Attention:

*  PowerNukkitX requires a minimum Java version of 17

Join US:

* [Discord](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)
* [QQ](https://jq.qq.com/?_wv=1027&k=6rm3gbUI)

What's new in PowerNukkitX? Let's See：

1. Support for 1.19.10 protocol.
2. Native support for 384 height limits (Currently only the main world, the rest are limited to 256 blocks).
3. Native support for The Nether world, no need to install additional plug-in patches, etc.
4. Native support for vanilla commands and command block, etc.
5. Built-in [Terra](https://github.com/PolyhedralDev/Terra) generator (if you have questions [click here to view](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/en-us/faq/Terra_faq.html)) .
6. Support for writing plug-ins using the JavaSrcipt language (preliminary completion, development documentation can be found [here](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/zh-cn/plugin-dev/js/%E6%A6%82%E8%BF%B0.html)).
7. Support custom blocks / items (refinement in progress, [documentation](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/) to be added).
8. Todo...

---

🧾 About Nukkit

[Nukkit](https://github.com/Nukkit/Nukkit) is nuclear-powered server software for Minecraft: Pocket Edition. It has a few key advantages over other server software:

* Written in Java, Nukkit is faster and more stable.
* Having a friendly structure, it's easy to contribute to Nukkit's development and rewrite plugins from other platforms into Nukkit plugins.
* Nukkit is **under improvement** yet, we welcome contributions.

📌 Statement
---
<!-- Just Do it :-D -->
<!--使用DeepL暴力翻译-->
**PowerNukkitX** is a modified and optimized version based on PowerNukkit and Nukkit, fixing its bugs, adding more feature support, etc., such as [LiteLoader](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/LiteLoader-Libs) (under improvement) plugin compatibility, etc.

* Please note that **PowerNukkitX** is not maintained by Cloudburst developers, it relies on the open source community to generate electricity with love. If you encounter any problems when using PowerNukkitX, you should first [create an issue](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues) in this repository (please also note to read the rules in the [Contribution Help Guide](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/en-us/CONTRIBUTING.md)).

* We also recommend that you perform regular backups and other operations, and use the plug-ins made for [PowerNukkit](https://github.com/powernukkit/powernukkit) or [PowerNukkitX](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX) and use [stable version](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/releases) for deployment.
<!--结束-->

* Most [Cloudburst Nukkit](https://github.com/cloudburstmc/nukkit) plugins are supported but they may not understand the new blocks and items and the new stuff that you can do with PowerNukkitX.

---

🛠 Creating Plugins
---
* Add PowerNukkit to your dependencies (it is hosted by Maven Central, so you don't need to specify a custom repository).

[Click here to see full Gradle Example](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/ExamplePlugin-Gradle)
```groovy
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}

dependencies {
    compile group: 'cn.powernukkitx', name: 'powernukkitx', version: '1.6.0.0-PNX'
}
```

[Click here to see full Maven Example](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/ExamplePlugin-Maven)
```xml
<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>cn.powernukkitx</groupId>
        <artifactId>powernukkitx</artifactId>
        <version>1.6.0.0-PNX</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```
---

🛠  Build JAR file
---
- `git clone https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX`
- `cd PowerNukkitX`
- `git submodule update --init`
- `./mvnw clean package`

* The compiled JAR can be found in the target/ directory.
* Use the JAR that ends with -shaded to run your server.

🛠 Running
-------------  

We made a [command line tool](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PNX-CLI) to help you run PNX, you can [click here](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/en-us/Get_Started.html) to get more information.  


🧐 Contributing
---
Please read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/blob/master/blob/en-us/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide before submitting any issue.  Issues with insufficient information or in the wrong format will be closed and will not be reviewed.

---

🌐 Links
---

- __[🌐 PowerNukkitX Website](https://powernukkitx.cn/)__
- __[👩🏽‍💻 PowernNukkitX Document library](https://doc.powernukkitx.cn/)__
- __[💬 PowerNukkitX Discord](https://discord.gg/BcPhZCVJHJ)__
- __[💾 Download PowerNukkitX Snapshot Build](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/actions)__
- __[🔌 Cloudburst Nukkit Plugins](https://cloudburstmc.org/resources/categories/nukkit-plugins.1/)__
- __[🔌 PowerNukkit Plugins](https://discuss.powernukkit.org/c/plugins/powernukkit-plugins/14/)__

🎨  Statistics
---

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues)
[![Issues-Closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)
[![Pull-pr](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/pulls)
[![Pull-pr-closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PowerNukkitX/PowerNukkitX/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)

2019 - 2022 © [BlocklyNukkit](https://wiki.blocklynukkit.com) | [PowerNukkitX](https://www.powernukkitx.com)
